Hey everyone, this is Sean. Today I want to introduce you to agent team and agent swarm. These are two of the latest AI agents concepts. We're going to walk you through the system design real quick and then we're going to test it with the products out there on the market. Just in January, Kim AI launched a new model called K2.5 where they introduced their agent swarm product feature which can help you break down your task into 100 sub pages that will work in parallel. And then shortly after that in February, Claude Opus 4.6 was launched. And then they also made a huge update on introducing agent teams in claw code. These two are not exactly the same concepts. Doesn't matter if you're technical or not. I'm going to introduce these things to you very clearly. And then we're going to test two products at the same time with the same problem to see which one does a better job at breaking down task. And lastly, we're also going to quickly talk about the difference between team swarm and deep research agent. There's a quite a bit of similarities and differences. So it's going to be a really fun video. Let's get started. So normally when we talk about AI agent, we can start with a single agent. Basically, you can imagine you're talking to chat GBT where you're sending a user prompt. You can say, "Help me research who is the best AI builder and YouTuber on the internet and then the LM agent from Chat GBT will be processing this information and they'll be using a tool for example a search API to look on the internet and maybe they find Sean is the best AI builder and YouTuber on the internet." So that's finishes one task for a single agent and then things can get a little bit more complicated. We can introduce a sequential agent. After the user asks the first question, they can send that to a research agent first and it's going to pass down the contact that it has researched to the next agent called analysis agent which probably will do a lot of processing after you know the research online. And after the analysis agent has finished, it's probably going to call a report agent which will write the report for you. You can think of it as just a sequential workflow that would happen in a lot of daily life and daily work. Okay. One problem with sequential agents is that they're doing things one by one and there's an order there. So sometimes it could take a really long time or maybe you want to you know increase the capacity of work. So that's why agent teams comes really handy. Clocko is basically using a leader agent first to process this new prompt and then the leader agent is going to think what can it do to make this such a thorough and nice report. What you can do is that you can define a few agents in parallel at the same time to process different tasks. The leader agent has control over all of them just like the deep research agent. You might have realized that in deep research when the user asks a question they're going to clarify the question with you and then they're going to write a research brief. there's going to be a supervisor agent that will be you know the leader agent here and then delegate all the tasks to the subress researchers over here right so this part I would say is very similar uh but it's not entirely the same right because agent teams doesn't really have you know some predefined clarification and research brief all these little workers are you know doing things in parallel at the same time and then report back to the leader agent at this time the leader agent is really being the boss here the team lead that's why it's called agent teams this team lead is going to process all the information that the subtask that you know my workers have done for me. So what is an agent swarm then? Imagine you have a bunch of bees in a hive to work for the queen and then the queen is basically processing a user prompt. There's a goal agent that will help derive some of the goals and specs that you know this user actually wants right again who's the best AI YouTuber on the internet. They're going to say okay the goal is let me find like the top 20 YouTubers who do a lot of really good videos covering AI agent systems. And then you're going to define some subtask or even create some agents with templates by itself. You see the difference here is that this goal agent is creating agents templates by itself. Each little one of these smaller agents are actually created right there instead of defined previously. Okay. In agent teams, you have to define who's doing the research, who's doing the analysis and everything and then report back. But in an agent swarm scenario, simply deciding, okay, maybe I need 20 agents and each one of them should be doing certain things. there's no human involvement there. I don't need to tell it who should be doing what, right? So that's why you see like a swarm here for people who study machine learning. It's kind of like a random forest where you have like little sub trees to make decisions on say classifying if an image is a dog or a cat. And then basically the system is just spawning some parallel agents or parallel sub trees to um finish the task. Eventually, you're going to crowdsource uh the information with a synthesizer agent, which is basically like the final layer of a random forest model where they're going to say, "Okay, um each one of you has done certain jobs. Let me compile them together." And they eventually, you know, cluster the information together and then merge them into a deliverable that will become your output. So this was a quick overview from single agent to sequential agents to a team of agents with team lead to an agent swarm where there's simply a goal der and then just let the rest of the work done by a bunch of agents themselves without any definitions. And I think agent swarm would excel at a lot of tasks that would require a lot of parallel task processing without a lot of predefin. And that's very powerful because sometimes you might just have a really vague intent when you ask a question to an AI, right? you wanted to figure out how to break down tasks by itself. But at the same time, I think it depends on the task. If your task requires a lot of like determined workflow and you want the agent system or the agent organizations to run exactly the way you want, like you're the board member or you're the CEO, then I think agent teams would do a really good task because you can have full control on who's doing what. But I would say both systems have really good batch processing features here because they will allow you to do multiple tasks at the same time. For example, you can imagine they can do they might be doing search, downloading, batch processing files, talking to different agents uh all at the same time, which will save you so much time, but it could also consume a lot of tokens too. Unlike these simpler agent systems, teams or swarm allow a bunch of agents to have different opinions because they could have a different conclusion individualistically. And then eventually what they do is that either the leader agent or the synthesizer agent need to compile reconciliate the decision-m so that they can come up with a solution that is not you know uh super biased. Right? All of what I just explained were quite theoretical. Let's jump right in and test the products and see what happens. The first demo I want to try is to do a YouTube search. You should be searching similar channels like Sean's AI stories. explore those channels that do developer tools, automation creations, indie hacking, all these kind of things. And the result is that I want them to return four channels uh with their names and URLs. And the very similar prompt for claw code is that you're using agent teams and the context the same, but then you can be more specific teammate 1 2 3 4 5 what they're doing. So I have just pasted both prompts in claw code and in Kimmy. So let's get started and run it. All right. You can see that it shows agent swarm over there. Okay, cool. Let's see. You can see that clock understood that it's running a agent team and it's establishing shared framework for strategy editor. Okay. Oh, and then uh what Kim is doing is that it's creating all these little agent by itself without my definition. You see this one is doing a research agent. This is really cool. They have this um role description. You're a competitive intelligence researcher specializing in AI coding. And then there are research agents too. Um you are a competitive intelligence researcher specializ AI agent automation content creators. And this one is searching for educators I would say I think. Yeah, they're specializing in AI education. Okay. So he created these sub agents in parallel uh like a swarm and then you can see what they're doing one by one. Okay. Lewis is doing some uh searching a YouTube AI SAS solarreneur MR revenue. Jane who's looking for uh YouTube channels focus on AI education explaining uh is doing the following task. See all of these were written by um by Kimi itself. This is really cool. Uh, and then let's see claw code. It deployed all five scouts in parallel with the task mainly web search and it's using tools. I can see exactly what they looked up for. All right, this YouTuber uh I don't know who this is. Kimmy has spent a lot of time polishing their UI so that it looks very neat and um you can see what each agent is actually doing and then check out their results. This is very similar to how Chajbt was doing deep research I think where they will show you exactly what they're searching. I think Grock also has similar features where they will show very clearly and streaming it uh how how the agent is doing the internet search whereas if you're doing clock code in the terminal I think the the UI is quite minimum but I would say I would say that's fine because clock code is mainly focused on coding tasks. Looks like Jane has finished her task. Let's see. Jane, find four YouTube channels focused on education. The final answer is they found four YouTube channels focused on AI education. Robert Miles, Jeremy Howard, Weights and Biases, AI Uncovered, and then generated a file. I think I made a mistake because I was supposed to say five agents here. Somehow I put 12 and clock doing five. So, I think we're using a lot more tokens on uh Kimi. Four, five, six, seven, eight. Eight out of 12 agents are finished. I think I'm going to tell Claw Code, don't overthink. Let's focus on letting the scouts do the basic research. We don't need to use more than 10 tools. How come you guys took such a long time? Oh, this one is searching like foreign languages. That's why non-English channel. That's why it's taking him one time. Oh, look at this. It's like reading the channel real time. Took my request now. Got it. Simplifying. Scout one and two already back. Let me launch the remaining three scouts now with learner instructions. Four channels max minimum tool usage. Look at this. It took my feedback. It was done. Scout 3 teammate 3 searching for founder building public channels. Only use three tools. 15,000 tokens. Previously it was like 70 80 tools was 90,000 tokens. Uhhuh. Looks like both of them are finished. 10 of 12 agents completed successfully. Now compiling findings. Look at this. is compiling the findings and launch clustering agent. Remember we talked about the synthesizer. That's that's what it's doing. Uh because it has finished the swarm and now they're crowd they're processing the crowdsourced information with the synthesizer or it's calling it launch a clustering agent. Okay. And clustering agent is Bowwin. Okay. Bowen, you're analyzing the competitive landscape for this and research data. Okay. So, you see like all of these researched channels from other um swarm agents have been used by this clustering synthesizer. It clustered 26 channels by positioning formats. All scouts are back now synthesizing a strategy editor as strategy editor lead. So this is this one is returning the information back to the lead agent remember and then he's duping the clustering and um producing the final deliverable the competitive landscape shown AI stories. Okay, this final report already honestly it's a little hard to read this from a terminal. It took 20 minutes in total. 18 minutes 14 seconds. Yeah, it told me things that other people are not doing. This is helpful. Um non-English practical builder content. The Spanish market has explainer and news, but no hands-on ship AI product from zero channel. Okay, maybe that's a good idea. Every channel shows happy path. Nobody documents what broke. Oh, yeah. Yeah, everyone's showing what's working, but nothing's not working. Um, people don't show their failures. Okay, fair enough. Nobody's doing systematic applies to applies test. Same use case built NN Langraph. Every creator picks one tool and advocates for it. Impartial comparison seat is empty. That's what we're doing. We're comparing two tools today. And uh next video concept for Sean's AI stories. I built the same agent in Fry Frameworks. Why my AI agent broke in production 0 to 10K AI SAS stack. Clocko versus cursor versus windsurf. Windsor is dead. No. Um I automated Well, they're not dead. They're required by by Devon, but I haven't heard from them ever since. I automated my entire YouTube workflow with AI agents. Okay, not a bad report. At least I real I know at least I learned that in the Spanish speaking market, there's not a lot of channels for hands-on building. Okay, some of our customers for Automanis, which is a WhatsApp first Asian sales lead uh tool has customer from Latin America and uh they're mainly speaking Spanish and Portuguese. So, that's a really good uh good advice. I like that. Okay, look at this. I think Bowen now is writing the report. Cool. Look at this. This one's done. Uh so Kimi was telling me developer and coder is oversaturated. I agree. Non-technical founders under saturating public founder is moderate. Uh business automation is underserved. AI education is moderate. Okay. So probably this one is suggesting that I should focus on nontechnical founders and business automation. Three whites space opportunities. Cool. Asian workflows for non-developers. Okay. Nontechnical founders. Rigorous tool comparison. This one is consistent with what Claude told me. Yeah. The impartial comparison seat is empty. Asian workflow case studies theory heavy real metrics rare for founders and business owners. Okay. Money related things. Okay. Sure. Comparing cursor wins co-pilot. How I built a 4,000 per month uh yeah agency in 90 days. At least I learned something which is there is probably an oversaturation of highly technical content and um there lacks a lot of uh AI contents that help educate non-technical founders or business owners and uh perhaps I need to compare some tools because every video is probably very deep dive in one tool and also people love money related contents and last but not least I think in Latin America there's lack of supply of such content. Good advice. Thank you both agent teams from claw code and agent swarm from Kimmy. And meanwhile I was running the second demo at the same time which is a expert review of my uh current company automatis. We basically are an WhatsApp first AI sales agent for consultative made to order sales. You can imagine like uh companies that are selling some complex solutions like an agency or consulting agencies or you know they could be doing B2B sales like in um renewable energiesarmacies uh these things are really complex sales or even apparel where there's not like a single SKU to be sold. Sometimes there's there needs to be a package of like the entire quantity that you need for certain products and maybe you need to customize a little bit. So that's what we're building um to use agents to capture all these requests for a business so that they won't miss any leads. Okay. So now what I'm doing is that I want to ask agent swarm from Kimi and agent team from call code give me some feedback. For example in teams I was asking for five teammates to tell me about my product from VC's perspective product go to market customer success and legal. They eventually gave me a report. Okay. And I was uh running it and this is surprisingly really fast. Okay, it's almost done. Okay, it gave me some advice about pricing. Uh you should start flat SAS track qualify lead volume internally introduce per lead pricing in month three once you can define qualify with data. That's true. Our investors gave us similar advice which is uh later if you have bigger clients what we should do is uh charge our clients based on the percentage of conversion but initially we can do flat pricing which is um $200 $300 a month design architecture to be channel agnostic but doesn't build SMS in week one okay yeah SMS is probably used only in the US uh the rest of the world use what's a lot more so Kimmy had five agents Owen was evaluating my product well each one everyone's eval made product. What's strong already is that WhatsApp channel selection is strategically sound. 2 billion users. That's true. Two billion users. Huge market. Made to order vertical target is smart. Yeah, because we talked to so many made to order businesses and um their sales process is a huge mess. Okay. The risk is defensibility is thin. Uh yeah, sure. There's a lot of WhatsApp agents. That's why we're doing a lot of um sort of lead structuring as well after talking with just agents. is not just another chatbot. Some final comments. Um, I think AI has been evolving to mimic how human societies and human organizations collaborate because I remember listening to a podcast the other day that the way to function really well in the human society is that there is a team of specialized workers like you and me who will be good at, you know, things that we're good at and uh, collaborating together. That's how we make the economy runs. And now we're at the position where coding agent is really strong. Tachibbt general agent is really strong. There are a lot of models that are very specialized at what they do. And what we can do is create agent that specialize in what they do too. Okay. So what I see is that we're seeing a trend or a shift from simple AI agents or simple AI agent systems to AI organizations or AI societies. and all of these concepts of whether it's a swarm from Kimmy or teams from claw code in my opinion it's trying to balance the breadth um of the amount of information that the decision makers could get in order to make the best possible decisions rather than relying on one specific agent to make a decision at the end. Okay. And similarly in deep research agent is not just the decision maker which is clarification agent, research brief agent and supervisor agent are making the decision without asking anybody else's opinion. Instead they spread it out and delegate the task to every single researcher and compress them and compile them and synthesize the final output in order to make a more educated information decision-m. Okay, I feel like this is a general trend and all these model providers have realized that this is a trend and that's why they're making these products for us. I would encourage everyone to try this out because uh when new technology comes out, it's important that we feel aware of what's going on. I think the results definitely are decent for now if we're doing some, you know, research, building some features on a product. And I think they will take another couple of years or maybe just a few months that it will evolve into something that's much more holistic at doing tasks. So what we all can do right now is make sure we don't lag behind and that we're always informed about uh what is going on with all these uh architecture or infrawise updates from these top AI companies. Thanks for watching this video. I hope this was helpful and leave a comment or join our Discord channel for a discussion. I'll see you next time. Thank you very